README.md, before:

[![CC BY 4.0][cc-by-shield]][cc-by]

# Coεmeta Public Work Log

This is the **Public Work Log** of [Coεmeta](https://coemeta.xyz), a Public Benefit LLC providing data & sensemaking services with positive externalities. It's intended as a window into our journey & playbook as it develops, in the spirit of **[working in public](https://nesslabs.com/work-in-public)**, contributing to **[knowledge commons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knowledge_commons)**, "**finding the others**" & **leaving a trail + some resources** for those that follow. 

The log is mirrored at: [Github](https://github.com/coemeta/public-work-log) (primary source & version control) & [Roam Research](https://roamresearch.com/#/app/coemeta/page/8hblWWLSN) (networked outliner knowledge graph).

### Log entries:

  - [2022.0.VEU — Foundations & Emergence](https://github.com/coemeta/public-work-log/blob/main/2022.0.veu.md)


---

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License][cc-by] [![CC BY 4.0][cc-by-image]][cc-by]

[cc-by]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[cc-by-image]: https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg

Commit message:

link to open source strategy repo

README.md, after:

[![CC BY 4.0][cc-by-shield]][cc-by]

# Coεmeta Public Work Log

This is the **Public Work Log** of [Coεmeta](https://coemeta.xyz), a Public Benefit LLC providing data & sensemaking services with positive externalities. It's intended as a window into our journey & playbook as it develops, in the spirit of **[working in public](https://nesslabs.com/work-in-public)**, contributing to **[knowledge commons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knowledge_commons)**, "**finding the others**" & **leaving a trail + some resources** for those that follow. 

It complements our [Open Source Strategy repo](https://github.com/coemeta/open-source-strategy), which offers more discrete, version-controlled resources including most of the strategic frameworks covered here in more narrative form.

The log is mirrored at: [Github](https://github.com/coemeta/public-work-log) (primary source & version control) & [Roam Research](https://roamresearch.com/#/app/coemeta/page/8hblWWLSN) (networked outliner knowledge graph).

### Log entries:

  - [2022.0.VEU — Foundations & Emergence](https://github.com/coemeta/public-work-log/blob/main/2022.0.veu.md)


---

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License][cc-by] [![CC BY 4.0][cc-by-image]][cc-by]

[cc-by]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
[cc-by-image]: https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg
